 
Privacy Policy 

Chaff Games is committed to providing quality services to you and this policy outlines our ongoing obligations to you in respect of how we manage your Personal Information.
We have adopted the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (the Privacy Act). The NPPs govern the way in which we collect, use, disclose, store, secure and dispose of your Personal Information.
A copy of the Australian Privacy Principles may be obtained from the website of The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner at www.aoic.gov.au

What is Personal Information and why do we collect it?

Personal Information is information or an opinion that identifies an individual. We endeavour to not collect Personal information in any products that we produce and distribute.
Your personal and sensitive information is not collected or used by us in any form. Personal information may be collected from third parties. We don’t guarantee website links or policy of authorised third parties.
We will never use personal information to advertise to anyone using our products.
When we collect Personal Information we will, we will disclose to you clearly and explain why we may be collecting your Personal Information.

Sensitive Information

Sensitive information is defined in the Privacy Act to include information or opinion about such things as an individual's racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a trade union or other professional body, criminal record or health information.
Sensitive information will not be collected or used by us in any form.

Third Parties

While we do not collect Personal Information from you. In some circumstances we may be provided with information by third parties. In such a case we will take reasonable steps to ensure that you are made aware of the information provided to us by the third party.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We will never disclose any Personal or Sensitive information obtained by us unless we are required by law.

Access to your Personal Information

You may access the Personal Information we hold about you. If you wish to access your Personal Information, please contact us in writing.
Chaff Games will not charge any fee for your access request.
In order to protect your Personal Information we may require identification from you before releasing the requested information.

Policy Updates

This Policy may change from time to time and is available on our website.
Privacy Policy Complaints and Enquiries
If you have any queries or complaints about our Privacy Policy please contact us at:

Chaff Games
chaffGamesDev@gmail.com

